The death toll from the earthquake that hit Turkey and Syria is now at least 7,266.
Syria’s volunteer organization the White Helmets — also known as Syria Civil Defense — has updated the death toll in northwest Syria to 1,020 in opposition-held areas.
As per Syrian state media, at least 812 people are dead in government-controlled areas. This brings Syria’s total death toll to at least 1,832.
Turkish Health Minister Fahrettin Koca said in a news conference on Tuesday that the death toll in Turkey is now 5,434.
~
A hotly anticipated new video game set in the “Harry Potter” universe appears to feature a trans character, which would be a first for the franchise.
“Hogwarts Legacy” is an action role-playing game in which players explore Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the nearby village of Hogsmeade, Diagon Alley and other iconic locations featured in the books and movies.
During one in-game quest, players meet Sirona Ryan, owner of the Three Broomsticks pub in Hogsmeade.
Though the character doesn’t specifically say she’s trans, a line of her dialogue leads players to make their own conclusion:
“Hadn’t seen him in years when he came in a few months ago,” Sirona says about a goblin the player is pursuing.
“But, he recognized me instantly. Which is more than I can say for some of my own classmates. Took them a second to realize I was actually a witch, not a wizard.”
The game releases Friday, but players on some platforms got early access, and details about the game have already been teased by video game journalists and streamers.
Players and fans have definitely noticed the detail, and some have derided the name choice for the character, which they say has a decidedly masculine undertone.
Others have pointed out the name “Sirona” refers to a Celtic goddess of healing and rebirth.
~
There was backlash after outlets shared an excerpt from his forthcoming memoir, “Friends, Lovers and the Big Terrible Thing” in which Perry talks about the 1993 death of his friend actor River Phoenix and references another actor, Keanu Reeves.
“River was a beautiful man, inside and out — too beautiful for this world, it turned out. It always seems to be the really talented guys who go down,” Perry wrote.
“Why is it that the original thinkers like River Phoenix and Heath Ledger die, but Keanu Reeves still walks among us?”
Perry is now apologizing.